# 

<iframe allowfullscreen class="fr-draggable" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0rcAWvQGqyQ?wmode=opaque" width="640"></iframe>  

Hey! I'm Dennis, the person behind Roppers.

This is the Roppers Academy Capture the Flag course. 

I strongly believe that the best way to learn is by doing, and nothing
gets you doing faster than participating in Capture the Flag
competitions. Your ability will be stretched, your motivation will be
tested, and most importantly, you will be forced to learn new things in
short periods of time. The single best predictor of success in just
about anything is an individual's ability to look at a problem and
determine how to solve it by themselves using the knowledge and
resources available to them. CTFs teach that skill in a way nothing else
can.

This course will teach you everything you need to jump into a beginner
CTF and crush File Forensics, Cryptography, scripting problems and more.
I will point you towards the best references and the best resources to
learn by yourself going forward, along with always being available to
answer your questions and help out in events.

  

## Pre-Requisites

This course is fast paced and immediately will take anyone out of their
comfort zone. The only knowledge required for success in this course is
a decent understanding of Linux. Some knowledge of scripting is useful,
but if you don't know how to yet you'll just waste some time until you
get around to learning it. If you still need to learn the fundamentals,
check out our awesome [Introduction to Computing
Fundamentals](https://www.roppers.org/courses/fundamentals).
If you are looking for a course with a focus on cyber security, check
out our [Introduction to Security
Fundamentals](https://www.roppers.org/courses/security). We also have a
[Practical Networking](https://www.roppers.org/courses/networking)
course I will be directing you to halfway through this course. If you
are ready for the fun stuff, keep on with this course.

This course is the deep end and it is guaranteed that a student
graduating from a 4 year computer science or cyber security degree will
have **no idea **what is going on with most of these modules. I can also
guarantee that someone who is brand new to the field and has finished
the Computing Fundamentals course will be able to figure out what they
need to do. **<u>This is very much intentional.</u>**

You are about to learn more in this class than you previously have in
entire years. Trust the process, stick around, and get ready to redefine
what you are capable of.

Welcome to the show!

Dennis
